4)	Do you use Google Translation / Machine transcription to get the work done?  

We are a 100% Human Translation Service. However, with the emergence of AI and 
Chat GPT, we do use machines to check for the consistency and accuracy of the translations – mostly the case only for complex and large projects where manual checking is time consuming.

2)	How fast can I receive the Transcription  I ordered. 

We can comment and commit to the timelines once we look at the volume of the content that needs to be transcribed. Typically, we translate 1,500 words per day (2 to 4 pages per day). 
We have a track record of delivering 98% of the jobs ahead of the timelines we commit.

1)	How is the Transcription  Service priced. Are there any discounts that you can offer? 

We charge on per minute  basis and the pricing for per minute  differs from language to language. Typically, our service starts from S$25 per minute  and there is no additional GST. 

For regular and repeat customers, we do offer a discount based on the regular volume of audio files that we get from the client.


5)	Is my information kept confidential?
Yes, all our Translators re bound by non-Disclosure agreements and are governed by Singapore’s data protection act. We don’t ever share personal information that can be used to by 3rd parties to market other services and products. That’s absolutely a no go for us. We also don’t not store any data / documents for more than 3 months. And if requested by clients, we are happy to delete all the records immediately after a successful completion of the translation job.


2)	Can I cancel a project after I make a payment? 

It depends on the stage of the project. Please contact us as soon as possible in case you decide to cancel a project. We will try our best to cancel it but in cases where the work has been initiated / completed, we will not be able to refund / reverse the payments as we are expected to fairly compensate the translator who put their efforts on the job.

1)	Do I have to pay first before Transcription  is delivered? 

For quotations less than S$3000, payments must be made first before we can start the translation work. 
For Companies registered in Singapore, we accept 50% partial payment for projects that have invoice value greater than $3000. The balance 50% is paid after the successful delivery of the project.